Lisa’s iPhone: I know, crazy pain because she used to work for five miles a day. We used to walk all the time that that used to be a business to advertise. Now since this happened she movie can put a wash dishes.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Oh gosh, I'm so sorry endometriosis, in and of itself is very pain painful, so I don't
Serenna Beers: I know from experience. And my hope is that they're able to do whatever they got to do to fix that. Because yeah, my heart breaks
Lisa’s iPhone: She scheduled. So either they want to do their laser surgery or okay but right now.
Lisa’s iPhone: We didn't do anything until we try to put a handle on this coronavirus
Serenna Beers: I know, gosh, it's just affecting everybody. Oh my goodness.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, I pray for everybody.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, that definitely so I didn't take the the pause button off of the record.
Serenna Beers: recorded session part. So I'm just gonna, I'm going to recap, because I I looked at it and it said paused, and so the transcribers that that see this session. They need to be able to take the information to create the note. So I need to repeat the first
Lisa’s iPhone: Part
Serenna Beers: Of what you said. So when I asked you what brings you here. It was because your wife.
Serenna Beers: Lisa went to the emergency room and because she has chronic pain they gave her one of our cards and recommended that she called correct
Serenna Beers: Correct. Okay. And then when I asked her, when it started, she said it's a chronic because of the the arthritis fibromyalgia and the endometriosis. Right. And she's just in a lot of pain and that's why you're here with us because she did some something to help her with the pain on on
Serenna Beers: Long
Serenna Beers: For long
Term. So until
Serenna Beers: Yes.
Serenna Beers: Gotcha. Well, you're in the right place. Okay. You are in the right place, and we're going
Serenna Beers: To definitely help you
Serenna Beers: Okay, so tell me. So had you had prior prior to this. Have you ever saw any kind of help for mental health or substance abuse.
Lisa’s iPhone: Know the doctor one of her doctors recommend her just for to one of those doctors we we did that, about the three months ago back
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, and we want to the doctor when we said we will sit down with to 30 minutes turn right there was excellent about when we sit down at the office. Yeah.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, psychologists
Lisa’s iPhone: That's per day.
Lisa’s iPhone: Because they they wanted to do her
Lisa’s iPhone: Spinal cord simulation.
Serenna Beers: Okay, I
Lisa’s iPhone: Had to go to a therapist to see if she's
Lisa’s iPhone: If she's riding my bike surgery and all that stuff.
OK.
Serenna Beers: OK. And then also, let me just put on here. Or let me just say that
Serenna Beers: We have Lisa's husband and what is your name again sir
Lisa’s iPhone: Rocky John's
Serenna Beers: Rocky here because Lisa doesn't understand English 100% so he's here to help her translate so that way we can do the assessment. Correct.
Lisa’s iPhone: It is okay there's there's some words that like hardware. Does she doesn't understand
Serenna Beers: Sure, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Which I can see I she she has really good facial expressions. So I can tell when I say something that she's like, What
Serenna Beers: All right, what about do you, do you have any history of like suicidal ideation where you want to harm, where you want to harm yourself thats related to your pain.
Lisa’s iPhone: That I'm gonna listen to us. It doesn't, there's
Serenna Beers: No. Okay.
Serenna Beers: No and and i i have to ask okay
Serenna Beers: Yeah. What about, do you have any, um, any history of wanting to harm another person.
Lisa’s iPhone: No.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay, I'm growing up. What was your her family lifelike and and what I mean by that is, were you raised by both parents were you adopted. Do you have brothers and sisters or your
Lisa’s iPhone: mother or grandmother
Lisa’s iPhone: Let them my grandma.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about any brothers and sisters
Lisa’s iPhone: Yes. Okay.
Serenna Beers: How many one
Serenna Beers: One brother and one sister.
Lisa’s iPhone: One. The other one sister.
Serenna Beers: Oh, okay.
Serenna Beers: I apologize if these questions onward, but
Serenna Beers: It helps us have a better picture of who you are. Tell me about
Serenna Beers: Did anybody in your home life ever struggle with any kind of mental health or substance use at all.
Serenna Beers: No.
Serenna Beers: What about any like food issues gambling sex addiction anything, anything like that.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Do you notice any other type of addictive behaviors, nevermind I just asked you that
Serenna Beers: What about school. How far did you get, did you graduate.
Lisa’s iPhone: NO, SHE WILL SHE WILL ALWAYS WANT TO HER GRANDMOTHER Jill into like sixth grade or fourth grade, but okay, never graduate. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Um, do you struggle with any sort sort of learning disabilities.
Lisa’s iPhone: And it's
Lisa’s iPhone: Just harder to read and stuff like that was really like really slow, but it's just not easy for her.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about. Were there any events that stood out to you, growing up. Was there anything that happened during your childhood that kind of just makes you read where where you remember it a lot.
Lisa’s iPhone: That I wasn't presented as an additional week that you remember all the time. No.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay, and what about
Serenna Beers: You didn't serve in the military. Correct.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay. And do you have any financial or legal issues that you are
Serenna Beers: Concerned about today.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay. What about says, Are you in a relationship, but you are because your husband is
Serenna Beers: Here with you and you
Serenna Beers: All have any kids, which I hear them.
I
Lisa’s iPhone: Can hear
Lisa’s iPhone: The noise.
Serenna Beers: Let's see. And so you live with your husband and with your kids right
Lisa’s iPhone: The kids to to my daughter generic ready
Serenna Beers: Okay, got it. All right. I don't think I missed in anything, do you have any questions for me.
Lisa’s iPhone: No.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay. And do you have the are you on the schedule to see the doctor.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, there is any training or you
Lisa’s iPhone: Know anything. Okay.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, good. So many ways. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: And then I'm also going to let when I hate hang up with you. I'm going to let them know that I had you on the call. I, and if they need to. They might contact you to fill out a release.
Serenna Beers: Because I know that that there's certain restrictions because of privacy issues, even though I know he's your husband. We just want to make sure that all the right forms are are signed
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: So I will let them know. So when you call back if you could just, just let them know that there might be a form that you need to sign because of this and just because so that way we produce text ourselves.
Lisa’s iPhone: As it is
Serenna Beers: Okay, I appreciate your time and I hope that this wasn't too difficult.
Lisa’s iPhone: And have a wonderful day and be
Lisa’s iPhone: Safe be safe and be well
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, is
Serenna Beers: All right. Thank you.
Lisa’s iPhone: Thank you.
Bye.